Updated README (#81)
scalableminds/webknossos-connect: README.md

# webknossos-connect
A [webKnossos](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos) compatible data connector written in Python. 

> webKnossos-connect serves as an adapter between the webKnossos data store interface and other alternative data storage servers (e.g BossDB) or static files hosted on Google Cloud Storage (e.g. Neurodata Precomputed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
webKnossos-connect serves as an adapter between the webKnossos data store interface and other alternative data storage servers (e.g BossDB) or static files hosted on Cloud Storage (e.g. Neuroglancer Precomputed)
```

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/scalableminds/webknossos-connect.svg?style=svg&circle-token=1d7b55b40a5733c7563033064cee0ed0beef36b6)](https://circleci.com/gh/scalableminds/webknossos-connect)

Available Adapaters / Supported Data Formats:
- [BossDB](https://bossdb.org/)
- [Neuroglancer Precomputed](https://github.com/google/neuroglancer/tree/master/src/neuroglancer/datasource/precomputed)

## Usage
### 1. Installation / Docker
Install webKnossos-connect using Docker or use the instructions for native installation below.
`docker-compose up --build webknossos-connect`

### 2. Connecting to webKnossos
Register your webknossos-connect instance with your main webKnossos instance. Modify the webKnossos Postgres database:
  ```
  INSERT INTO "webknossos"."datastores"("name","url","key","isscratch","isdeleted","isforeign","isconnector")
  VALUES (E'connect', E'http://localhost:8000', E'secret-key', FALSE, FALSE, FALSE, TRUE);
  ```
### 3. Adding Datasets
Add and configure datasets to webKnossos-connect to make them available for viewing in webKnossos

> #### 3.1 REST API

Reviewer: I would propose to change the order of the points:
1. default datasets
2. webknossos UI
3. (if at all) API endpoint. I would actually not publicly recommend to use it. Imo it should be an implementation detail and accessed through the wk UI.

            "ara": {
                "domain": "https://api.boss.neurodata.io",
                "collection": "ara_2016",
                "experiment": "sagittal_50um",
                "username": "<NEURODATA_IO_USER>",
                "password": "<NEURODATA_IO_PW>"
            },
        }
    },
    "neuroglancer": {
        "Test Organisation": {
            "fafb_v14": {
                "layers": {
                    "image": {
                        "source": "gs://neuroglancer-fafb-data/fafb_v14/fafb_v14_clahe",
                        "type": "image"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

CURL Example
```
curl http:/<webKnossos-connect>/data/datasets -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data-binary "@datasets.json"
```

#### 3.2 webKnossos UI
Alternatively, new datasets can be added directly through the webKnossos UI. Configure and import a new datasets from the webKnossos dashboard. (Dashboard -> Datasets -> Upload Dataset -> Add wk-connect Dataset) 

(Read more in the webKnossos docs.)[https://docs.webknossos.org/guides/datasets#uploading-through-the-web-browser]

#### 3.2 Default test datasets

> By default, some public datasets are added to webKnossos-connect to get you started when using the Docker image. The initial datasets are hosted on [neurodata.io](https://neurodata.io/ndcloud/#data). For access , create a `.env` file with your Neurodata.io credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, some public datasets are added to webKnossos-connect to get you started when using the Docker image. Some initial datasets are hosted on [neurodata.io](https://neurodata.io/ndcloud/#data). For access, create a `.env` file with your Neurodata.io credentials:
```
